# AuthorFinder
Author Attribution
Author Finder
Streamlit App

Introduction
Author Finder is a Streamlit-based web application designed to classify texts based on their authorship and writing style. It leverages advanced machine learning models to distinguish between human-written texts and those generated by various Natural Language Generation (NLG) methods.

Launch the App

Overview
This project focuses on the increasingly relevant field of authorship attribution and text generation. With the rise of AI-driven text generators, it's become crucial to develop tools that can accurately identify the source of a given piece of text. Author Finder addresses this need by offering a user-friendly interface to analyze and classify texts.

Features
Model Selection: Choose from different models including XGBoost and BiLSTM to perform the classification.
NLG Method Detection: Capable of distinguishing texts generated by various NLG methods like GPT-2, GPT-3, etc.
User-Friendly Interface: Simple and intuitive UI for easy interaction with the application.
How It Works
The application uses a combination of TensorFlow models and NLP techniques to analyze the input text. It preprocesses the data using NLTK, vectorizes it, and then feeds it into the selected machine learning model for classification.

Technologies Used
Streamlit for web app development
TensorFlow and Keras for model building and predictions
NLTK for natural language processing
Scikit-learn for additional machine learning utilities
Setup and Installation
To run Author Finder locally:

Clone the repository:
sh
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-github/AuthorFinder.git
Install the dependencies:
sh
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the app:
sh
Copy code
streamlit run app.py
Research and Presentation
For an in-depth understanding of the methodologies and technologies used in this project, refer to our [Research Paper](/mnt/data/hcingapu (2).pdf).
A detailed overview of the project can be found in our [Presentation](/mnt/data/AuthorFinder FINAL PPT.key).
